Meetup Reminder Scala for Startups Meetup BlueEyes on Heroku, Scala Monads and SBT with IDEA is happening tomorrow When:  Where:  RSVP: Monday, November 21, 2011 6:30 PM StackMob HQ 541 8th St San Francisco, CA 94103 Yes No Who's going: 38 Scala Startuppers See all This is a joint meetup with Scala SF organized by Mike Slinn. StackMob has graciously provided space. Since this is announced also via other meetups such as BASE, we don't have a way to make sure there will be enough seats. There should be plenty... Learn more 
Meetup Reminder SF Scala Meetup James Ward and Mike Slinn - Akka, Heroku, sbt and BlueEyes is happening tomorrow When: 	Where: 	Your RSVP: Monday, November 21, 2011 6:30 PM StackMob Office 541 Eighth Street San Francisco, CA 94103 I'm going Change Who's going: 90 software technologists See all ( 60 more spots left! ) Networking with pizza and beer starts at 6:30. At 7pm Mike Slinn and James Ward will talk about sbt, IntelliJ IDEA and Eclipse. They will cover sbt configuration files, a live demonstration of using sbt 0.11 standalone, sbt with IntelliJ IDEA an... Learn more Sponsors & Perks: StackMob · Micronautics Research ·
New Meetup: Do what we did last time a second time. 11:42 AM Reply  ? The SF Haskell Meetup Add to contacts To ceroxylon@hotmail.com Announcing a new Meetup! The SF Haskell Meetup Meetup Do what we did last time a second time. Added by Travis Wellman When:  Where:  RSVP: Needs a date Got one? Needs a location Got one? Yes No
Amtrak: Reservation Change Confirmation 11/18/11 tickets@amtrak.com Add to contacts Thank you for choosing Amtrak. Save or print this page for your records. THIS IS NOT A TICKET -------------------- This confirmation notice is not a ticket. You must obtain a ticket before boarding. Exception: A paper ticket is not required to board the Auto Train - check in at the ticket counter. TICKETING INFORMATION --------------------- THIS IS NOT A TICKET. You must obtain your ticket(s) before boarding. You can pick up your tickets at any Amtrak Quik-Trak self-service ticketing kiosk, or at any Amtrak ticket window. Please check station operating hours before you go, as Amtrak ticket window hours and/or Quik-Trak kiosk hours vary from station to station.
Greetings from Amazon.com. You saved $0.02 with Amazon.com's Pre-order Price Guarantee! The price of the item(s) decreased after you ordered them, and we gave you the lowest price. The following title(s) decreased in price: Penguin Prison Price on order date: $12.89 Price charged at shipping: $12.87 Lowest price before release date: $12.87 Quantity: 1 Total Savings: $0.02 $0.02 is your total savings under our Pre-order Price Guarantee. 
Greetings We thought you'd like to know that we shipped your items, and that this completes your order. Your order is being shipped and cannot be changed by you or by our customer service department. Your estimated delivery date is: Tuesday, November 22, 2011
AI Class: You are doing great 11/12/11 Reply  Sebastian Thrun Add to contacts Just a brief note that we noticed you are among a great number of students who managed to get all four homework assignments in. This is terrific. You are doing great! Please keep up the good work. We are almost at the midterm. We hope you continue to go strong all the way to the end of this class. Thanks for being part of this experimental class. As you probably know, Homework 5 is due Nov. 14, 23:59 UTC. Please check our Web site for last minute clarifications. Best Sebastian and Peter
We removed a card from your PayPal account 11/12/11 Reply  service@paypal.com Add to contacts PayPal We removed a debit or credit card from your PayPal account because it is not valid anymore. To add a new card, log in to your PayPal account, go to your Profile, and click My money. Thanks, PayPal 
Reminder: Totem this Sunday 11/11/11 Hi guys, a quick reminder that we have tickets to see Cirque du Soleil's Totem this Sunday. Show starts at 1:00 pm, grounds open at 12:00, tent opens at 12:30. and I plan on being there around 12:00. Since I have all 4 tickets, shall we meet in front of the main gate? Just in case, I'll have my cell with me - See you Sunday - looking forward to the spectacle Cheers
CarRentals.com Reservation Reminder - Confirmation CarRentals.com Support Add to contacts Hi This is just a quick reminder about your car rental reservation at Miami International Airport.  Please check your reservation details below, and have a great trip! It's still not too late to add collision insurance to this rental!  Why pay $14 or $30 at the rental counter?  Purchase it through us now for only $11.99 A Day and get $25,000 Collision coverage with a $0 deductible! Offer available only to US residents or on car rentals within the USA. You can View, Modify, Cancel, Contact Support, Add Collision Insurance, or Request A Copy Of This Reservation in Real-Time by clicking this link
Re: negative information/constitutive absence and book: The User Illusion To see messages related to this one, group messages by conversation. Add to contacts Thanks Mark for these references and also for your notes. I've learned a lot from reading Dennett and Dawkins, and I think this will be of great interest. If you would like to run a casual "reading group" or discussion, can I suggest starting a thread at http://forum.quantifiedself.com. Dan D. has set it up to be extremely easy to use, and it has a lot of features that Google groups doesn't, such as the ability to moderate, move posts, etc. etc.... Let me know if I can help here. Best, 
negative information/constitutive absence and book: The User Illusion Hi all, as you know, I have a simple knowing practice: I write stuff down.  When attend a class, go to a talk, read a book, having a great conversation -- at the same time -- I'm writing or typing what ideas I desire to see again.  Margin notes of experience.  Perhaps I do this more than some as I have a simple place to put them which rewards saving: mx. Many entries come from thinking about mind: books, talks, reflection, etc.  A particular focus is into the nature of 'nothing,' or, necessary relations to things absent in complex systems and information/entropy. Simple examples are Bateson's reference to Arthur Conan Doyle's Hound of the Baskervilles 'dog that didn't bark in the night,' and your reaction to the letter you expected but didn't get. Prof. Terrence Deacon's great new book on how absential phenomena is essential to biology is now out: Incomplete Nature -How Mind Emerged from Matter.  Get it, hard work and worth it. Chapter 6, Constraint is especially transformative regarding  work that stuff-not-there does. Rodrigo, Josh Bacigaulpi and I chatted with Prof. Deacon April 30 at a cog sci conference at Berkeley.  I mentioned related absential ideas in Tor Norretranders 1998 book, The User Illusion: Cutting Consciousness Down to Size (Recommended by Monica Anderson).  I hoped to follow up discussing those ideas. What I did next day was: take my mx notes from The User Illusion and grey-out ideas not relevant to that imagined discussion (file 1 - 1551 entries) remove greyed-out ideas, then highlight most relevant (file 2 - 398 entries) remove non-highlighted ideas, leaving the at-that-time most relevant (file 3 - 38 entries), but I didn't send. Perhaps a quick read of the last, smallest file has some useful or essential ideas: depth and exforamtion.  I might further boil them down today as: whatever context is, recursion is a process essential to its operation less is more -- only in relation to that more of which the less is part Hopefully I can express these better some day. ---------------------------------------------- I'm following up/writing now, because I've recommended the User Illusion book again.  But in a slightly different context: the I / me distinction Norretranders makes.  I put it this way: Inside the inner self is an inner other; next to the inner self is an outer self. Outside the outer self are outer others -- with inner/outer, self and other. Transformation or phase change of stuff across these (imagined?) boundaries is interesting.  For example how levels below consciousness create the conscious experience of seeing something, or feeling delighted, or the speech of asking a question.  Or different boundaries, if not all of them: empathy. So, re. discussion: Discuss. More is good. For my own part, it's been pretty great one-to-one.  Thanks all. But perhaps: small group (3-5). email  :) Others have asked for sort of a more permanent venue, which seemingly need to get past a sort of inertia. Been too busy to have T4s (thinking about thinking things thing) lately. Can someone host? There's the http://www.meetup.com/CooperativeMind/messages/boards/ Needs love and leading. The google group: http://groups.google.com/group/cooperativemind?hl=en&pli=1 Ditto. other web places (?) TBD: book site for Incomplete Nature, discussion areas for http://incompletenature.com/ (if anyone wants to help, design) Look forward to talking with you again, however it happens,
Martin Luther King trip Noah and I would love for you guys to accompany us on our special Martin Luther King birthday trip to harass David and go with him and Eli to Universal Studios, indoor miniature golf in the dark, a walk on the beach, and anything else that the kids might like (except for that kid John who will be out of town):
Your upcoming stay at Silver Palms Inn Your upcoming stay at Silver Palms InnDon't miss out on great deals - add info@mail.hotels.com to your email address book or safe list Hotels | Hotel Deals | Packages & Flights | Groups | Customer Service hotels.com Book online or call 800-2-HOTELS (800-246-8357) Thanks for using hotels.com, your booking is confirmed! You don't need to call to reconfirm. Here are the details of your booking along with information about the hotel, local weather, and attractions near your destination. You can easily access your booking online anytime. Happy traveling, hotels.com
Re: Join my network on LinkedIn Yes, still on and what you propose works fine. I have your cell number in case we run into unexpected traffic or something. We will be leaving here around 6pm. Just so you have it, my cell is See you then...looking forward to it! Sent from my iPad
Re: Official T-day invite! Here is our official Thanksgiving yes! I think we'll probably be able to drive ourselves home the same day, although a slumber party on a bunch of airbeds sounds like fun. You'll have to refresh my memory of the cabin's address. Anything we can bring?
Re: REQUEST FOR INFORMATIONS Youssef , Thank you!! The both trip sound good, we will disscuss the options you suggested, personally, I like the Fez one better, in this one, we will arrive Fez on 26th evening, am I correct? (because in the message it says "the end of 4th day tour") The total cost for the Fez option will be Euro 270X3 + 110 = 920, pls let me know if we want to book it with you, what do you need from me? Thanks. We can arrange 3 days trip from Marrakech to Fes, 3 days/2 nights, include one night in desert. Here is more information about the trip. Day 1 : Marrakech - Ait Benhaddou - Boumalene Dades We pick you up from the your Riad or Hotel and leave Marrakech to begin our tour in the Dades Gorge. We pass through Tizi-n-Tishka in the high Atlas Mountains where we pause to appreciate the mountain views. We visit the Ait Ben Haddou village which is recognized by UNESCO as a world patrimony. It is famous as a backdrop for many films, including 'Lawrence of Arabia', 'Gladiator' and 'Alexander'. We take lunch here before continuing on our way enjoying the natural beauty of the landscapes and historical monuments such as Taourirt Kasbah in Ouarzazate and Roses Valley, which is renowned for the Festival of Roses. We also pass through the little Berber villages of 'El Kelaa des M'Gouna' and 'Boumalene Dades'. The latter is our final stop for the day. We shall stay overnight in a hotel which includes dinner and breakfast. As we will be camping the next night the hotel secures remaining luggage. Day 2 : Dades Gorge - Todra Gorge - Merzouga From Boumalene Dades we head to Merzouga in one of the largest wind blown dunes in Morrocco, Erg Chebbi. Through the Berber village Tinghir we visit Todra Gorge where the cliffs are as high as 600m and only 10m apart. We leave Todra passing through many Berber villages to pass through Tinjdad where we can stop for lunch or if you preferrable continue to Rissani where you could sample the local speciality, Berber Pizza. After lunch we make our way to Merzouga to meet the camels joining us on our trek. The camels take us to a Berber camp in the middle of an oasis amidst the sand dunes of Erg Chebbi. 20 km long and 5 km wide it is also reputed as the highest sand dunes in North Africa. It is a unique and diverse environment. The camel trek takes about 1hr 30 min from the hotel to the camp where we continue the spirit of the nomadic Berber lifestyle. There we setup 3 Berber tents with additional restaurant and kitchen with the dunes naturally providing basic facilities. The tents are well equipped and we provide mattresses, blankets, and cushions. After dinner we gather round the fire and enjoy the desert night perhaps with traditional Berber drums. Day 3 : Merzouga - Fez Before sunrise, our camel warden will wake you to ascend the dunes and find the sun emerge above the horizon. During the winter season, when the days are short, we will start the camel trek and on route pause to meet the sunrise. Arriving at the hotel we will be able to have showers and breakfast, before continuing our journey to Fez. We leave Merzouga on route to Fez, passing through many places: Arfoud, Errachidia, Ziz Valley, Meditlt, Cedar Forests of Azrou, Ifrane and Fez. On a good day you might be able to catch a glimpse of the monkeys that live in the forests. We will stop for lunch along the way in one of the many restaurants. Our guide will make sure you reach your chosen Riad or Hotel. Here we will leave at your Riad or Hotel at the end of the 4 days tour. We hope that you have enjoyed your taste of Morocco and all it has to offer and wish you well on your onward journey. Tour Provisions Air Conditioned 4x4 Driver and guide Fuel Berber tent accommodation in desert Hotel accommodation,http://www.xaluca.com/en/hotel/dades/ Dinners and breakfasts Camel rides Camel warden Sand boards Berber turbans for the desert Your Provisions Midday meals Drinks Travel insurance I will leave this trip with 270 per adult and 110 Euros for the 7 years old. Do you have any suggestion about the itinerary? Regards Youssef Thank you Youssef for such a quick respond... The cost you gave to me is per person for 3-days total, so for our group would be Euro 250 x3 + 100 =850. if we leave on the 24th from Marrakesh, we will be back to Marrakesh on the evening of 26th... can you tell me how late in the evening of 26th? we fly out of Casablanca on 28th, so I also wondering if the tour can get us to Fez on 26th the we go to Casablanca in the night of 27th or morning of 28th? thank you for the information... also if you have the tour for us, how can we reserve it? Look forward to hear form you!
got our tix for 1/31 Tues -- Gaming talk -- it's a date! hi, AK, I've bought our tix for Dr. Jane McGonigal, in conversation with Ryan Wyatt. Let the Gaming begin! Tues, Jan 31st, at 8pm, at Herbst Theatre Perhaps we can get some din din beforehand?  (Of course, this is still 2-1/2 months away, so no hurry to plan it all, yet.)         
6pm is great.  C u there.
